= Introduction =

Welcome to the Community Update Project for Gallery 2, a web based software product that lets you manage your photos on your own website.
This effort aims towards the development of community backed updates to Gallery 2.

Official development of Gallery 2 has stopped in favour of Gallery v3 but as Gallery v3 never really quite got to the same level,
Gallery 2 remained for many, in testament to the work of the development team, the most powerful, most fully featured and most flexible and agile choice.

In any case, development of Gallery v3 soon came to a halt and with that, an end to the Official Gallery Project.
The aim of this effort is to add enhancements and fixes to the Gallery 2 code so that its several loyal fans can continue using this awesome piece of software engineering.

= Choosing a package =

You can choose from one of the following branches:

* '''[https://github.com/dakanji/G2Project-main/tree/master Master Branch]''' - This branch contains the latest stable code and is always deployable. Relatively few updates, features or bug fixes will have been applied and it will be the closest branch to the last official release by the Gallery Project Team. The current file set can be [https://github.com/dakanji/G2Project-main/releases DOWNLOADED HERE].
* '''[https://github.com/dakanji/G2Project-main/tree/candidate Candidate Branch]''' - This branch contains the latest "Release Candidate" code and is always deployable. Users are encouraged to install and implement code from this branch to help drive development forward with their feedback. The current file set can be [https://github.com/dakanji/G2Project-main/zipball/candidate DOWNLOADED HERE].
* '''[https://github.com/dakanji/G2Project-main/tree/dev Dev Branch]''' - This branch contains the latest semi-stable code and is normally deployable. Advanced users and Developers are encouraged to install and improve the code on this branch. This branch is never formally "issued" but the current file set can be [https://github.com/dakanji/G2Project-main/zipball/dev DOWNLOADED HERE].
* '''Other Branches''' - These contain ongoing work streams which may, or may not, be deployable. Note also that these may be deleted without notice.

= Gallery 2 Preinstaller =

You can choose from one of the following branches:

= Updating Gallery 2 =

== From Version 2.2.6 and above ==

# Backup your installation including your database
# Update PHP to PHP 5.6.0, or, preferably, PHP 7.2.x
# Overwrite your installation with the [https://github.com/dakanji/G2Project-main/releases LATEST COMMUNITY VERSION], navigate to your gallery and follow the on-screen instructions

== From Before Version 2.2.6 ==
# Backup your installation including your database
# Update or downgrade PHP to versions between PHP 4.3.x and PHP 5.2.x
# Overwrite your installation with a Gallery v2.2.6 file set, navigate to your gallery and follow the on-screen instructions
# When you are satisfied that the upgrade to Gallery v2.2.6 is complete, backup your Gallery v2.2.6 installation and database
# Update to PHP 5.6.0, or, preferably, PHP 7.2.x
# Overwrite your Gallery v2.2.6 installation with the [https://github.com/dakanji/G2Project-main/releases LATEST COMMUNITY VERSION], navigate to your gallery and follow the on-screen instructions

= Upgrading From Gallery v1 =
[http://codex.galleryproject.org/Gallery2:migration CLICK HERE] for instructions

= Upgrading From Gallery v3 =

It is currently not possible to auto upgrade from Gallery v3 to Gallery 2.
You will need to manually transfer your Gallery v3 items.


= Issues / Bugs =

Check the [http://codex.gallery2.org/Gallery2:Known_Issues Known Issues] list and [https://github.com/dakanji/G2Project-main/issues Bug Tracker] for information and some workarounds for known problems.
